{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=1564, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh16420\viewkind1\viewscale124
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Assignment 3 My Greatest Challenger\
\
\'93Identifying which one of the 12 keys to success will be most challenging to me\'94\
\
1. Go to work - Every day working and fixing issue at workplace\
2. Do exercises - for example cycling or go to gym\
3. Do healthy tasks - such yoga and loss weights\
4. Go to English college - Every day staying late at college to learn English\
5. Get customer interview - due assignment and finish a task.\
6. Do my shores - such as cleaning carpet, car, kitchen\
7. See friends abroad other states - such as Colorado, Florida\
8. See my family on specific dates - holiday, festivities, etc\
9. Become an Software Architect \
10. Do my homework\
11. Target my long finance term \
12. Buy a house\
\
Most of my challenging keys to success are go to work every day trying to work and fix issues. Another one is trying to study English to improve my speaking and grammar, as well as my accents. However, go to school and study a computer science program is hard to me if it is teaching in another language greaten than my native language. Do exercise is another routine I settled down more aften to improve my life and health, such as cycling long distance and enjoying the environment. On the other hand, get customer interview, understand them and collaborate to success in their requirements are difficult as well. In general, those keys like see my family on specific date in festivities and events, target a long finance term, saving budget and strong financial pocket to buy a house, open your own business, pursuit goals and others are important to me.\
}